comm		Used to compare two sorted files line by line.
rm		Removes specified files and directories (not by default).
colrm		Remove columns from the lines of a file.
paste		Merge lines of files. Write to standard output, TAB-separated lines consisting of sqentially correspnding lines from each file.
tr		Translate, squeeze, or delete characters from standard input and display on standard output.
look		Shows any lines in a file containing a given string in the beginning.
ed		GNU Ed – a line-oriented text editor.
col		Filter reverse (and half-reverse) line feeds from the input.
expr		Evaluate expressions and display them on standard output.
sdiff		Shows two files side-by-side and highlights the differences.
gawk		Used for pattern scanning and language processing. A GNU implementation of AWK language.
uniq		Report or omit repeating lines.
vi		A text editor utility.
tail		Show the last 10 lines of each specified file(s).
csplit		Split a file into sections on the basis of context lines.
mtype		Display contents of an MS-DOS file.
let		Used to perform integer artithmetic on shell variables.
cdparanoia		Record audio from CD more reliably using data-verification algorithms.
column		A utility that formats its input into columns.
grep		Searches input files for a given pattern and displays the relevant lines.
cdrdao		Used to write all the content specified to a file to a CD all at once.
rmdir		Used to remove empty directories.
tput		Modify terminal-dependent capabilities, color, etc.
fmt		Used to convert text to a specified width by filling lines and removing new lines, displaying the output.
echo		Send input string(s) to standard output i.e. display text on the screen.
make		Utility to maintain groups of programs, recompile them if needed.
cat		Used to concatenate files and print them on the screen.
head		Shows first 10 lines from each specified file.
join		For each pair of input lines, join them using a command field and display on standard output.
tac		Concatenate and print files in reverse order. Opposite of cat command.
ispell		A CLI-based spell-check utility.
fold		Wrap input line to fit in a specified width.
sed		Stream editor for filtering and transforming text (from a file or a pipe input).