aptitude		Another utility to add/remove/upgrade packages based on the APT system.
unrar		Extract files from a RAR archive.
mdir		Used to display an MS-DOS directory.
strings		Search a specified file and prints any printable strings with at least four characters and followed by an unprintable character.
bzcmp		Used to call the cmp program for bzip2 compressed files.
umask		Set file mode creation mask.
readelf		Shows information about ELF (Executable and Linkable fomrat) files.
read		Read from a file descriptor.
scp		Copy files between hosts on a network securely using SSH.
readlink		Display value of a symbolic link or canonical file name.
readonly		Mark functions and variables as read-only.
mtoolstest		Tests and displays the mtools configuration files.
e2label		Show or change the label on an ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem.
zgrep		Performs grep on compressed files.
zcat		Used to compress/uncompress files. Similar to gzip
batch		Used to run commands entered on a standard input.
basename		Used to display filenames with directoy or suffix.
objdump		Display information from object files.
groff		Serves as the front-end of the groff document formatting system.
emacs		Emacs text editor command line utility.
diff3		Compare three files line by line.
last		Shows a list of recent logins on the system by fetching data from /var/log/wtmp file.
mkfifo		Used to create named pipes (FIFOs) with the given names.
return		Exit a shell function.
mv		Move/rename files or directories.
wc		Print newline, word, and byte count for each of the specified files.
autoconf		Generate configuration scripts from a TEMPLATE-FILE and send the output to standard output.
apropos		Shows the list of all man pages containing a specific keyword
mtools		Utilities to access MS-DOS disks.
source		Run commands from a specified file.
dd		Used to convert and copy a file, create disk clone, write disk headers, etc.
more		Display content of a file page-by-page.
chattr		Used to change file attributes.
cut		Used to remove sections from each line of a file(s).
nm		List symbols from object files.
traceroute		Traces the route taken by the packets to reach the network host.
alias		Create an alias for Linux commands
uncompress		Uncompress the files compressed with the compress command.
expand		Convert tabs into spaces in a given file and show the output.
split		Split a file into pieces of fixed size.
mktemp		Create a temporary file or directory.
man		Shows manual pages for Linux commands.
slocate		Display matches by searching filename databases. Takes ownership and file permission into consideration.
bzdiff		Used to call the diff program for bzip2 compressed files.
rlogin		Used to connect a local host system with a remote host.
apmd		Used to handle events reported by APM BIOS drivers.
insmod		A program that inserts a module into the Linux kernel.
file		Determine file type for a file.
touch		Change file access and modification times.
telinit		Change SysV runlevel.
perl		Perl 5 language interpreter.
hexdump		Shows specified file output in hexadecimal, octal, decimal, or ASCII format.
mattrib		Used to change MS-DOS file attribute flags.
getent		Shows entries from Name Service Switch Libraries for specified keys.
gdb		A utility to debug programs and know about where it crashes.
ln		Create links between files. Links can be hard (two names for the same file) or soft (a shortcut of the first file).
manpath		Determine search path for manual pages.
egrep		Search and display text matching a pattern.
gcc		A C and C++ compiler by GNU.
su		Change user ID or become superuser.
autoreconf		Update generated configuration files.
renice		Change priority of active processes.
diff		Used to compare files line by line.
zmore		Displays output of a compressed file (using more command) on the terminal one page at a time.
minfo		Display parameters of an MS-DOS filesystem.
mren		Rename an existing MS-DOS file.
as		A portable GNU assembler.
zless		Displays information of a compressed file (using less command) on the terminal one screen at a time.
umount		Unmount specified file systems.
cd		Used to change directory.
cmp		Compare two files (byte by byte).
sum		Checksum and count the block in a file.
ipcs		Show information on IPC facilities for which calling process has read access.
rename		Rename one or more files.
rcp		Remote copy command to copy files between remote computers.
htdigest		Manage the user authentication file used by the Apache web server.
less		Displays contents of a file one page at a time. It’s advanced than more command.
tee		Read from standard input and write to standard output and files.
isosize		Show the length of an iso9660 filesystem contained in a specified file.
e2image		Store important ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem metadata to a file.
chroot		Run a command with root privileges.
zdump		Displays time for the timezone mentioned.
lpstat		Displays status information about current classes, jobs, and printers.
pr		Convert (column or paginate) text files for printing.
lftpget		Uses lftop to retrieve HTTP, FTP, and other protocol URLs supported by lftp.
chmod		Change access permission for a file(s).
unset		Remove variable or function names.
rndc		Name server control utility. Send command to a BIND DNS server over a TCP connection.
od		Dump files in octal and other formats.
autoupdate		Update a configure.in file to newer autoconf.
pwd		Show current directory.
tar		GNU version of the tar archiving utility. Used to store and extract multiple files from a single archive.
whereis		Locate the binary, source, and man page files for a command.
export		Used to set an environment variable.
dnsdomainname		Show the DNS domain name of the system.
autoscan		Generate a preliminary configure.in
info		Used to read the documentation in Info format.
tmpwatch		Recursively remove files and directories which haven’t been accessed for the specified period of time.
cksum		Perform a CRC checksum for files.
mcopy		Used to copy MS-DOS files from or to Unix.
ethtool		Used to query and control network driver and hardware settings.
ls		Shows the list of files in the current directory.
autoheader		Create a template header for configure.
gzexe		Used compress executable files in place and have them automatically uncompress and run at a later stage.
newusers		Update/create new users in batch.
restore		Restore files from a backup created using dump.
ldd		Shows shared object dependencies.
userdel		Delete a user account and related files.
tailf		Follow the growth of a log file. (Deprecated command)
patch		Apply a patchfile (containing differences listing by diff program) to an original file.
dumpe2fs		Dump ext2/ext3/ext4 file systems.
dirname		Display pathname after removing the last slash and characters thereafter.
mshowfat		Show FTA clusters allocated to a file.
md5sum		Used to check MD5 checksum for a file.
cpio		Copy files from and to archives.
chfn		Used to change real user name and information.
hwclock		Show or configure the system’s hardware clock.
install		Used to copy files to specified locations and set attributions during the install process.
ld		The Unix linker, it combines archives and object files. It then puts them into one output file, resolving external references.
stat		Display file or filesystem status.
namei		Follow a pathname until a terminal point is found.
awk		Used to find and replace text in a file(s).
which		For a given command, lists the pathnames for the files which would be executed when the command runs.
bzgrep		Used to call grep for bzip2 compressed files.
mmove		Move or rename an MS-DOS file or subdirectory.
bzless		Used to apply ‘less’ (show info one page at a time) to bzip2 compressed files.
sort		Sort lines of text files.
swapoff		Disable devices for paging and swapping.
pushd		Appends a given directory name to the head of the stack and then cd to the given directory.
chown		Change the owner or group for a file.
mkdir		Used to create directories.
cp		Copy contents of one file to another.
locate		Used to find files by their name.
stty		Change and print terminal line settings.
lsattr		Shows file attributes on a Linux ext2 file system.
vim		Vi Improved, a text-based editor which is a successor to vi.
fgrep		Display lines from a file(s) that match a specified string. A variant of grep.
rev		Show contents of a file, reversing the order of characters in every line.
mke2fs		Used create an ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem.
bzmore		Used to apply ‘more’ (an inferior version of less) to bzip2 compressed files.