dig		Domain Information Groper, a DNS lookup utility.
mail		Utility to compose, receive, send, forward, and reply to emails.
ifconfig		Used to configure network interfaces.
netstat		Show network information.
ping		Send ICMP ECHO_REQUEST to network hosts.
nc		Netcat utility. Arbitrary TCP and UDP connections and listens.
ip		Display/manipulate routing, devices, policy, routing and tunnels.
tracepath		Traces path to a network host discovering MTU (Maximum Transmission Unit) along this path.
ifup		Starts a network interface.
iptables		Administration tool for IPv4 packet filtering and NAT.
host		A utility to perform DNS lookups.
mailq		Shows to list all emails queued for delivery (sendmail queue).
telnet		Telnet protocol user interface. Used to interact with another host using telnet.
rexec		Remote execution client for exec server.
ss		Display socket statistics, similar to netstat.
ssh-keyscan		Gather ssh public keys.
sendmail		It’s a mail router or an MTA (Mail Transfer Agent). sendmail support can send a mail to one or more recepients using necessary protocols.
showmount		Shows information about NFS server mount on the host.
ssh		An SSH client for logging in to a remote machine. It provides encrypted communication between the hosts.
sftp		Secure File Transfer program.
arp		Used to make changes to the system’s ARP cache
route		Show/change IP routing table.
domainname		Show or set the name of current NIS (Network Information Services) domain.
open		Open a file using its default application.
mesg		Allow/disallow osends to sedn write messages to your terminal.
rdate		Set system date and time by fetching information from a remote machine.
tcpdump		Dump traffic on network. Displays a description of the contents of packets on a network interface that match the boolean expression.
nslookup		Used performs DNS queries. Read this article for more info.
sshd		Server for the ssh program.
rpcinfo		Shows RPC information. Makes an RPC call to an RPC server and reports the findings.
talk		A two-way screen-oriented communication utility that allows two user to exchange messages simulateneously.
newaliases		Rebuilds mail alias database.
ifdown		Stops a network interface.