strip		Discard symbols from object files.
hash		Shows the path for the commands executed in the shell.
dc		Desk calculator utility.
metamail		For sending and showing rich text or multimedia email using MIME typing metadata.
command		Used to execute a command with arguments ignoring shell function named command.
declare		Used to declare variables and assign attributes.
setsid		Run a program in a new session.
test		Check file type and compare values.
killall5		A SystemV killall command. Kills all the processes excluding the ones which it depends on.
popd		Removes directory on the head of the directory stack and takes you to the new directory on the head.
trap		Trap function responds to hardware signals. It defines and creates handlers to run when the shell receives signals.
dirs		Show the list of remembered directories.
history		Shows the command history.
python		Python Program.
whatis		Display one line manual page descriptions.
times		Shows accumulated user and system times for the shell and it’s child processes.
users		Show the list of active users on the machine.
continue		Resume the next iteration of a loop.
xargs		Runs a command using initial arguments and then reads remaining arguments from standard input.
factor		Display prime factors of specified integer numbers.
xz		Compress/ Decompress .xz and .lzma files.
bc		Access the GNU bc calculator utility.
zic		Creates time conversion information files using the specified input files.
break		Used to exit from a loop (eg: for, while, select).
printf		Show arguments formatted according to a specified format.
builtin		Used to run shell builtin commands, make custom functions for commands extending their functionality.
wall		Display a message on the terminals all the users who are currently logged-in.
shift		Shift positional parameters.
gpg		Enables encryption and signing services as per the OpenPGP standard.
pv		Monitor progress of data through a pipe.
mkisofs		Used to create an ISO9660/JOLIET/HFS hybrid filesystem.
volname		Returns volume name for a device formatted with an ISO-9660 filesystem. For example, CD-ROM.
jobs		Show the list of active jobs and their status.
wget		A non-interactive file download utility.
write		Display a message on other user’s terminal.
shopt		Shell options.
unexpand		Convert spaces to tabs for a specified file.
troff		The troff processor of the groff text formatting system.
script		Used to make a typescript of everything displayed on the screen during a terminal session.
wait		Waits for a specified process ID(s) to terminate and returns the termination status.
seq		Displays an incremental sequence of numbers from first to last.
rmmod		A program to remove modules from Linux kernel.
addr2line		Used to convert addresses into file names and line numbers.
eval		Used to evaluate multiple commands or arguments are once.