kill		Send a kill (termination) signal to one more processes.
usermod		Modify a user account.
chkconfig		Manage execution of runlevel services.
uptime		Tell how long the system has been running.
dircolors		Set colors for ‘ls’ by altering the LS_COLORS environment variable.
tune2fs		Adjust tunable filesystem parameters on ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystems.
runlevel		Shows previous and current SysV runlevel.
pwconv		Creates shadow from passwd and an optionally existing shadow.
locale		Shows information about current or all locales.
depmod		Generate modules.dep and map files.
resize2fs		Used to resize ext2/ext3/ext4 file systems.
iptables-save		Used to dump IP table contents to standard output.
reboot		Restart the machine.
help		Display’s help for a built-in command.
unalias		Remove alias definitions for specified alias names.
logrotate		Used for automatic rotation, compression, removal, and mailing of system log files.
iostat		Shows statistics for CPU, I/O devices, partitions, network filesystems.
sha1sum		Compute and check 160-bit SHA1 checksum to verify file integrity.
printenv		Show values of all or specified environment variables.
groupadd		Used to add a new user group.
apt-get		Command-line utility to install/remove/update packages based on APT system.
size		Lists section size and the total size of a specified file.
nice		Run a program with modified scheduling priority.
time		Run programs and summarize system resource usage.
yes		Repeatedly output a line with a specified string(s) until killed.
clear		Used to clear the terminal window.
logname		Shows the login name of the current user.
arch		Display print machine hardware name.
enable		Used to enable/disable shell builtin commands.
tty		Display the filename of the terminal connected to standard input.
logout		Performs the logout operation by making changes to the utmp and wtmp files.
env		Run a command in a modified environment. Show/set/delete environment variables.
rpm		A package manager for linux distributions. Originally developed for RedHat Linux.
rsh		Remote shell. Connects to a specified host and executes commands.
exec		An interactive line-based text editor.
halt		Command used to half the machine.
screen		A window manager that enables multiple pseudo-terminals with the help of ANSI/VT100 terminal emulation.
uname		Show system information.
who		Shows who is logged on.
anacron		Used to run commands periodically.
bg		Send processes to the background.
fg		Used to send a job to the foreground.
lsof		List open files.
hostname		Display/set the hostname of the system.
ulimit		Get and set user limits for the calling process.
lsmod		Show the status of modules in the Linux kernel.
tload		Shows a graph of the current system load average to the specified tty.
lastlog		Displays information about the most recent login of all users or a specified user.
mtr		A network diagnostic tool.
pathchk		Check if file names are valid or portable.
bind		Used to attach a name to a socket.
groups		Show the group(s) to which a user belongs.
grpck		Verifies the integrity of group files.
groupdel		Used to remove a user group.
ssh-add		Adds private key identities to the authentication agent.
rwho		Reports who is logged-in to the hosts on the local network.
sh		Command interpreter (shell) utility.
vmstat		Shows information about processes, memory, paging, block IO, traps, disks, and CPU activity.
top		Displays real-time view of processes running on the system.
ssh-keygen		It generates, manages, converts authentication keys for ssh.
chgrp		Used to change group ownership for file.
strace		Trace system calls and signals.
poweroff		Shuts down the machine.
suspend		Suspend the execution of the current shell.
chage		Used to change user password information.
killall		Kills a process(es) running a specified command.
gpasswd		Allows an administrator to change group passwords.
du		Show disk usage summary for a file(s).
exit		Exit from the terminal.
slabtop		Show kernel slab cache information in real-time.
pgrep		List process IDs matching the specified criteria among all the running processes.
shutdown		Power-off the machine.
chrt		Alter process attributed in real-time.
logger		Make entries in the system log.
finger		Display user data including the information listed in .plan and .project in each user’s home directory.
pmap		Report memory map of a process.
nsupdate		Dynamic DNS update utility.
htop		An interactive process viewer for the command line.
cal		Show calendar.
sysctl		Configure kernel parameters at runtime.
skill		Send a signal to processes.
tset		Initialize terminal.
bash		GNU Bourne-Again Shell.
init		Systemd system and service manager.
ps		Report a snapshot of the current processes.
sleep		Suspend execution for a specified amount of time (in seconds).
reset		Reinitialize the terminal.
login		Create a new session on the system.
taskset		Set/retrieve a process’s CPU affinity.
iconv		Convert text file from one encoding to another.
ldconfig		Configure dynamic linker run-time bindings.
timeout		Execute a command with a time limit.
type		Write a description for a command type.
pwck		Verify integrity of password files.
passwd		Change user password.
atq		List a user’s pending jobs for the at command.
find		Do a file search in a directory hierarchy.
sudo		Execute a command as superuser.
w		Show who is logged-on and what they’re doing.
hostid		Shows host’s numeric ID in hexadecimal format.
lastb		Shows the list of bad login attempts by fetching data from /var/log/btmp file.
modinfo		Show information about a Linux kernel module.
set		Used to manipulate shell variables and functions.
grpconv		Creates a gshadow file from a group or an already existing gshadow.
iptables-restore		Used to restore IP tables from data specified in the input or a file.
useradd		Create a new user or update default user information.
ipcrm		Used to remove System V interprocess communication (IPC) objects and associated data structures.
pidof		Find process ID of a running program.
date		Show system date and time.
chpasswd		Update password in a batch.
modprobe		Add or remove modules from the Linux kernel.
atrm		Delete jobs queued by the at command.
fuser		Find and kill a process accessing a file.
id		Show user and group information for a specified user.
fgconsole		Display the number of the current virtual console.
dmesg		Examine and control the kernel ring buffer.
crontab		Manage crontab files (containing schedules commands) for users.
nfsstat		List NFS statistics.
ssh-agent		It holds private keys used for public key authentication.
whoami		Displays the username tied to the current effective user ID.
at		Used to schedule command execution at specified date & time, reading commands from an input file.
pkill		Send kill signal to processes based on name and other attributes.
chsh		Switch login shell.
groupmod		Used to modify a group definition.
nohup		Run a command immune to hangups.
watch		Runs commands repeatedly until interrupted and shows their output and errors.