                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          break		Used to exit from a loop (eg: for, while, select).
sysctl		Configure kernel parameters at runtime.
yes		Repeatedly output a line with a specified string(s) until killed.
if		Execute a command conditionally.
which		For a given command, lists the pathnames for the files which would be executed when the command runs.
ssh-keyscan		Gather ssh public keys.
envsubst		Substitute environment variable values in shell format strings.
hexdump		Shows specified file output in hexadecimal, octal, decimal, or ASCII format.
install		Used to copy files to specified locations and set attributions during the install process.
automake		Creates GNU standards-compliant Makefiles from template files
echo		Send input string(s) to standard output i.e. display text on the screen.
fgrep		Display lines from a file(s) that match a specified string. A variant of grep.
ip		Display/manipulate routing, devices, policy, routing and tunnels.
iptables		Administration tool for IPv4 packet filtering and NAT.
mv		Move/rename files or directories.
sh		Command interpreter (shell) utility.
gcc		A C and C++ compiler by GNU.
passwd		Change user password.
chgrp		Used to change group ownership for file.
patch		Apply a patchfile (containing differences listing by diff program) to an original file.
hash		Shows the path for the commands executed in the shell.
file		Determine file type for a file.
vim		Vi Improved, a text-based editor which is a successor to vi.
groupadd		Used to add a new user group.
perl		Perl 5 language interpreter.
autoconf		Generate configuration scripts from a TEMPLATE-FILE and send the output to standard output.
gunzip		A utility to compress/expand files.
export		Used to set an environment variable.
strings		Search a specified file and prints any printable strings with at least four characters and followed by an unprintable character.
apt-get		Command-line utility to install/remove/update packages based on APT system.
chkconfig		Manage execution of runlevel services.
for		Expand words and run commands for each one in the resultant list.
printf		Show arguments formatted according to a specified format.
cat		Used to concatenate files and print them on the screen.
gpg		Enables encryption and signing services as per the OpenPGP standard.
groupmod		Used to modify a group definition.
ls		Shows the list of files in the current directory.
popd		Removes directory on the head of the directory stack and takes you to the new directory on the head.
tail		Show the last 10 lines of each specified file(s).
mkdir		Used to create directories.
autoreconf		Update generated configuration files.
sed		Stream editor for filtering and transforming text (from a file or a pipe input).
false		Do nothing, unsuccessfully. Exit with a status code indicating failure.
apt		Advanced Package Tool, a package management system for Debian and derivatives.
gpasswd		Allows an administrator to change group passwords.
sudo		Execute a command as superuser.
date		Show system date and time.
until		Execute command until a given condition is true.
xargs		Runs a command using initial arguments and then reads remaining arguments from standard input.
ln		Create links between files. Links can be hard (two names for the same file) or soft (a shortcut of the first file).
unrar		Extract files from a RAR archive.
aclocal		GNU autoconf too
bison		A GNU parser generator, compatible with yacc.
ssh-keygen		It generates, manages, converts authentication keys for ssh.
rpm		A package manager for linux distributions. Originally developed for RedHat Linux.
rm		Removes specified files and directories (not by default).
sync		Synchronize cached writes to persistent storage.
su		Change user ID or become superuser.
pushd		Appends a given directory name to the head of the stack and then cd to the given directory.
grep		Searches input files for a given pattern and displays the relevant lines.
alias		Create an alias for Linux commands
umask		Set file mode creation mask.
mkfifo		Used to create named pipes (FIFOs) with the given names.
chmod		Change access permission for a file(s).
unset		Remove variable or function names.
bc		Access the GNU bc calculator utility.
find		Do a file search in a directory hierarchy.
while		Conditionally execute commands (while loop).
exit		Exit from the terminal.
cron		A daemon to execute scheduled commands.
curl		Used to transfer data from or to a server using supported protocols.
watch		Runs commands repeatedly until interrupted and shows their output and errors.
kill		Send a kill (termination) signal to one more processes.
aspell		An interactive spell checker utility.
bash		GNU Bourne-Again Shell.
make		Utility to maintain groups of programs, recompile them if needed.
ldd		Shows shared object dependencies.
sort		Sort lines of text files.
at		Used to schedule command execution at specified date & time, reading commands from an input file.
crontab		Manage crontab files (containing schedules commands) for users.
rmdir		Used to remove empty directories.
tar		GNU version of the tar archiving utility. Used to store and extract multiple files from a single archive.
ldconfig		Configure dynamic linker run-time bindings.
expand		Convert tabs into spaces in a given file and show the output.
sha1sum		Compute and check 160-bit SHA1 checksum to verify file integrity.
syslogd		Read and log system messages to the system console and log files.
test		Check file type and compare values.
usermod		Modify a user account.
wget		A non-interactive file download utility.
expect		An extension to the Tcl script, it’s used to automate interaction with other applications based on their expected output.
useradd		Create a new user or update default user information.
eval		Used to evaluate multiple commands or arguments are once.
time		Run programs and summarize system resource usage.
tee		Read from standard input and write to standard output and files.
env		Run a command in a modified environment. Show/set/delete environment variables.
set		Used to manipulate shell variables and functions.
cp		Copy contents of one file to another.
bzip2		A block-sorting file compressor used to shrink given files.
sleep		Suspend execution for a specified amount of time (in seconds).
python		Python Program.
od		Dump files in octal and other formats.
chsh		Switch login shell.
awk		Used to find and replace text in a file(s).
touch		Change file access and modification times.
id		Show user and group information for a specified user.
strip		Discard symbols from object files.
case		Execute a command conditionally by matching a pattern.
ar		A utility to create/modify/extract from archives.
killall		Kills a process(es) running a specified command.
g++		Run the g++ compiler.
chown		Change the owner or group for a file.
aptitude		Another utility to add/remove/upgrade packages based on the APT system.
gzip		Same as gzip.
source		Run commands from a specified file.
cd		Used to change directory.