export		Used to set an environment variable.
expand		Convert tabs into spaces in a given file and show the output.
chown		Change the owner or group for a file.
ls		Shows the list of files in the current directory.
od		Dump files in octal and other formats.
su		Change user ID or become superuser.
touch		Change file access and modification times.
unset		Remove variable or function names.
gcc		A C and C++ compiler by GNU.
alias		Create an alias for Linux commands
cp		Copy contents of one file to another.
perl		Perl 5 language interpreter.
tar		GNU version of the tar archiving utility. Used to store and extract multiple files from a single archive.
tee		Read from standard input and write to standard output and files.
vim		Vi Improved, a text-based editor which is a successor to vi.
unrar		Extract files from a RAR archive.
strings		Search a specified file and prints any printable strings with at least four characters and followed by an unprintable character.
sort		Sort lines of text files.
cd		Used to change directory.
patch		Apply a patchfile (containing differences listing by diff program) to an original file.
mv		Move/rename files or directories.
ldd		Shows shared object dependencies.
install		Used to copy files to specified locations and set attributions during the install process.
pushd		Appends a given directory name to the head of the stack and then cd to the given directory.
chmod		Change access permission for a file(s).
awk		Used to find and replace text in a file(s).
source		Run commands from a specified file.
which		For a given command, lists the pathnames for the files which would be executed when the command runs.
autoconf		Generate configuration scripts from a TEMPLATE-FILE and send the output to standard output.
fgrep		Display lines from a file(s) that match a specified string. A variant of grep.
mkdir		Used to create directories.
hexdump		Shows specified file output in hexadecimal, octal, decimal, or ASCII format.
aptitude		Another utility to add/remove/upgrade packages based on the APT system.
mkfifo		Used to create named pipes (FIFOs) with the given names.
ln		Create links between files. Links can be hard (two names for the same file) or soft (a shortcut of the first file).
autoreconf		Update generated configuration files.
umask		Set file mode creation mask.
file		Determine file type for a file.